Update testing.md (#33)
Unity-Technologies/Unity-Simulation-Docs: doc/testing.md

  |  |-rollaball_linux_build
  |  |  |-rollaball_linux_build_Data
  |  |  |-rollaball_linux_build.x86_64

>   |. |. |-UnityPlayer.so

Reviewer: accidental periods?

> If everything went well you should get the output below and it will take a few before the process finishes.

Author: @nataliaGilbertson This is exactly what I see on the terminal. I am not sure what to add here. Maybe add a few "warnings" to indicate that this step might take a few minutes but it's actually running in the background? How do we enable the terminal output that looks like before?

Reviewer: I don't know how to enable the terminal output from before. Did something change that could have caused this?

Reviewer: I'll make a suggestion comment for wording to see if we can make it more clear.

> If everything went well you should get the output below and it will take a few minutes before the process finishes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything went well you should see the output below as it is running. It will take a few minutes for the process to finish. 
```

Reviewer: This is a suggestion to try and make it a little more clear.

If everything went well you should get the output below and it will take a few minutes before the process finishes. 
```
Found path: /tmp/linux_build.x86_64
Mono path[0] = '/tmp/linux_build_Data/Managed'
Mono config path = '/tmp/linux_build_Data/MonoBleedingEdge/etc'
Preloaded 'ScreenSelector.so'
Preloaded 'libjpeg.so'
Preloaded 'libturbojpeg.so'
Display 0 'screen': 640x480 (primary device).
PlayerPrefs - Creating folder: /root/.config/unity3d/Unity Technologies
PlayerPrefs - Creating folder: /root/.config/unity3d/Unity Technologies/Roll-a-ball

> Logging to /root/.config/unity3d/Unity Technologies/Roll-a-ball/Player.log

Reviewer: The wording of line below this removed block needs to be changed if we remove this.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

You can also test your own project's Linux builds by only making a few changes.

Use the Dockerfile below or copy the `Dockerfile` in the Quickstart Materials to the directory where your Linux build was saved and change the `COPY` lines at the bottom to point at your executable, _Data directory, and UnityPlayer.so file. You may omit copying your build files using docker's [bind mounting feature](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/) when you execute the docker run command.

Example of bind mounting:
```bash
$ docker run -it --rm --mount type=bind,src=/path/to/build,dst=/unity_player test-container bash

> ```

Reviewer: Why remove the bind mounting example?

Reviewer: i see, you moved it down

COPY [YOUR_BUILD]_Data /unity_player/linux_build_Data

# for 2019.2+ version of the Unity Editor
COPY [YOUR_BUILD]/UnityPlayer.so /unity_player/UnityPlayer.so
```

[Optional] You may omit copying your build files using docker's [bind mounting feature](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/) when you execute the docker run command.

Example of bind mounting:
```bash
$ docker run -it --rm --mount type=bind,source=/path/to/build,target=/unity_player test-container bash

> ```
> ```
> # DOCKERFILE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Example docker file with bind mounting:
```
```

> ```
> # DOCKERFILE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example Dockerfile using bind mounting:
```
```

> # DOCKERFILE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: To mimic the previous format, you could add "Example of Dockerfile for bind mounting:" as plain body text before the Dockerfile code block
